this is the job is against the mackems
hello there guys Josh flip 9 a-9 an and
it's that time that we again it's a
Saturday and it to match of the week
episode free this week I put on another
Darby much you know so I was looking for
people to just choose teams i was
looking for basically like a three and a
half starting challenging is it you're
pretty I find it's very rare to find
someone who even has like a prune
hostile theme as their favorite team you
know usually get people just have like
straight away their evil real madrid
spain or barcelona just spamming them
teams I was quite happy you know this
matches from the lobbies I've slightly
playtest go to the lobbies now looking
for matches because were looking for
people to challenge me cuz I'm sick of
playing quick ranked matches and people
quit against me and I found that by
playing matches in the lobbies you know
get people quitting it sure you get
people who just like play the match you
know and I play that it's past couple of
weeks you know cuz uh you know it's a
good game to go to when you getting
annoyed of other games and stuff and up
I've really enjoyed it but what I was
saying so I was talking about Darby it's
basically yeah I'm the I'm the Makin's
against the geordies for those who don't
know who those are it's basically I'm
Sunderland and I'm against Newcastle
this is the premier league Darby you
know for Andy Carroll man he's a frickin
tell you what he's a beastly player
unless he's got some Hebrews you know he
strides along the pitch like gallops man
like freaking horse crazy player boom it
was a good match it was the first half
was quite difficult I felt I couldn't
get my stuff going I couldn't like it
was like one of the matter eating it
matches when you have to grit your teeth
and grab the ball by the homes and just
like hang in there for the ride it was
quite a tough a half to like get my
rhythm you know and I'm so I was very
interesting match I like matches like
this you know five star teams it's easy
to like go pass places like any player
but i love these matches like when you
you're the weaker teams should we say
and you get like a proper gritty match
go and this is a bit little match in the
engine oh but things opened up in the
second half but first half it was crazy
you know just couldn't get my can get my
rolling
second half of as you can see right now
or just quickly announce the winner of a
the winner of last week's giveaway the
Bundesliga giveaway it was a reason the
name will be in the description and then
hope you enjoy that team Reese I think
that she named anyway talk about the
giveaway for this week it's you'll be
surprised guys it's a double giveaway
because I'm had some good news this week
why would it is yet although not start
within the next couple of weeks
basically um this is the part one should
have got a penalty wha should have got a
penalty but it doesn't matter because
Mensa does some great bit of business
you know I don't know how triggered a
run though of Albion he started running
just look at this that they play here
passed to him I think that smell drunk
fur stuff mattress was Susan that
everyone was played in the midfield and
then I've just done a little bit like a
like a link play men sir I don't know
what the defender was doing over is you
know gave it to Benjy boy and bent east
under the old magic you know he scored
the goal Vanessa into the Bob corner
it's a nice goal in the end I was I
saying and the giveaway this week it's a
double giveaway we got a ser ER team
cook for players from this area we
that's the touch Italy's League and we
got a severe giveaway for players from
the severe team playing liga BBVA Who am
I keep not saw there so you'll see that
players after there at the end of this
match but i'll get back to talking about
the match you know usually when i saw
that the first goal it's usually get my
i get my rhythm going and i rarely like
get pegged back but nice well
shoulda said there but uh you
know pardon my language but nice little
roulette their past campbell you know he
must have tired those old legs muster
just tired and you know done the ruler
and I've i think is it outside of the
foot like little i think he has it the
outside yeah I outside look like a toe
poke to be honest but it's outside of
all maybe not an outside foot boniva
wave done the roulette and I'm scored
and I still go some skill Joe bloomer
but yeah ultimate team asked to get back
to playing that because I mean I've got
a tea will set out for that now so for
one of my any matches I can just like
not be when do you want my opponent
seems gonna be another rule that their
roulette guys is a very very good move
especially for I think players I've like
freestyle skill moves very good bit of
equipment that kind of skill don't want
say an equipment it's not call of duty
but um he asked was i was talking about
them on the team are to get back to
playing it because i got my team and
i'll have to get some matches some
gameplay about featured in this but i
think i'll be looking to play over
league own team the from the french
league for next for the next master week
so if you've got any teams that you want
to see me playing with in that league
just send me put a message in the
comments and also put a message like why
you want the the giveaway this to
basically the double giveaway this week
it's basically one person will get like
the severe team and the other person who
wins will get the Syria team so you
can't win both teams so basically what
you want to do if you want one team just
say that team don't do like two comments
for both teams you know just say the
team that you want and I'll like get
back to the winners and throughout the
week as you can see that the sara i'd
give away it's going to be can be are so
lovely defensive midfielder he's in my
team you know he goes to really cheap i
don't know why people don't want him
it's such a good player I think it's
even got the playmaker attribute Hamsik
meekly as one of the other players for
the severe team we've got hay-zu's
novice a luis fabiano they strike
partner Federico new tea and polyp
anyway guys hope you enjoyed the videos
don't forget to comment rate and
subscribe and I also like the videos and
favorite them please because it i really
appreciate it anyway guys hope you
enjoyed this week's video see you next
week